hello everyone this is sanket km
bringing you another red alert 3
commentary so today be showing you a
match don't quite remember the names but
we can quickly find out sorry I'm just
gonna turn the music down yeah I don't
really know if this is a good match but
as you can see it's between lex gy l FX
and Gylfi matey's I know matey's I never
seen the likes play so this should be
pretty interesting Lex is on the left
and he's playing a lie which is always
cool to see and matey's is on the left
and he's playing Russian as usual so
things as normal so I hope everybody had
a good good vacation I hope you had a
good Christmas even if you don't
celebrate it i hope you had a happy new
year so I'm back doing commentaries
after a little break I've been like a
month since i posted my matey's vs
technique and because you guys requested
it my god this is so loud because you
guys requested it I'm doing back doing
another commentary so yeah this is in
honor of you three four guys who have
posted the comments on my on my videos
yeah so I hope you enjoy this game I'm
gonna try and cut it down because this
game is kind of long and I don't know
how you guys feel about all the part 25
out of 25 on youtube because I don't
know why I can only record like seven
minutes at a time which is kind of
annoying but the files are massive so
you know not to see if I can squeeze the
whole match in here we see a typical
kind of this bear over here he faked he
went in then
pulled back again and this dog he roared
so you see a lot of like double faking
like you go on with your bare the other
guy is about to roar and then you
quickly just retreat and then he roars
and then you go in and then you use your
roar and then you can own him so typical
spamming taking the middle always a good
idea these buildings should always be
occupied especially if you're new cake
like me or an expert it's always good to
know what the enemy is up to so I take
those take those buildings in the middle
there free they don't cost much to stick
infantry in there it's not because he's
going to fight the friggin world war
three is just to see what's going on so
have a good line of sight it's like even
a conscript will do if you're Russian or
Imperial warrior if you're Japanese
anything just take up take the
building's go for it don't be shy you
can see there's a steady stream of
peacekeepers and well a couple of jabs
maybe which is also pretty typical for
allies peacekeepers are awesome so you
can see there's a naval expansion so I
guess matey's is going for a tease going
for a naval build which is well it's not
that typical stingray okay a bullfrog he
will need anti air since he's playing
allies but I was just playing this game
making up your own strategy making the
opponent respond to you rather than you
respond to the opponent so I've actually
changed strategies for this game I'm
actually I like attacking being the
first one attacks now I only play
against computers are not actually play
against humans because I can't get the
to work but what's it called when I
play against the computer you quickly
realize especially with the patched
updates the computer will respond to how
you attack so if you play chess and you
for example you know I've played it a
couple of times and are acquainted with
the moves and stuff like that then this
is like a game of chess if you
you attack Oh what happened here if you
attack with air for example then he'll
have to counter with anti air and if you
know he's going to counter with anti air
you can pummel your his anterior with
tanks or infantry so it's it's a lot of
back and fro see the early push by
matey's here he's going to go in with
the Stingray let's see how this looks
he's got no base defense at all and he's
pumping out Jeff's don't know about the
Stingray though he could pump pump in
but I don't know how much good at Alou
he's got a early Apollo so um so slicks
has gone for a air build and matey's has
gone for a sea build and this dog here
is hurting my eyes my retina are
bleeding because of this puppy right
here he needs to remove this dog or he
needs to remove it like with a mile cam
because it's Lex or the blue guys can
just totally see into Matisse's base
he's going you know cuz it's going for a
super reactor he knows this now and you
can see the Naval Yard so I can counter
that with his own Naval Yard maybe maybe
more air so here we go here comes a
stingray and a bullfrog interesting
combo I haven't seen this yet he's just
patrolling was not doing much and he's
got a nice infantry counter here don't
know what he's going to do with it he's
going in all he's committing but he that
that's that that push is not going to
work it's just not going to work cuz
he's got javs so good luck with that
that's not gonna work for anybody turn
down effects on this bad boy because my
god is loud there we go
okay so we see here a interesting
interesting thing happening which is
well I guess matey's must have planted
his MCV here so we could build a
refinery because there's no Sputnik
outpost and this Lex has countered this
with the sending infantry into this
house which is a nice move by him and
now he matey's is expanding so as it
looks matey's is got a 4 refinery vs
lexus the river oh no ooh to refinery so
matey's definitely having the upper hand
right now and he's parked his Lexus box
construction you're right in the middle
of of these troops here so I don't know
why the stingrays not attacking oh it is
it is ok my bad my bad but he's not I
don't know how far he's going to